Simulation structure interfacing docs update (#983)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/model_simulation/simulation_structure_interfacing.md

This can be used to form symbolic expressions using model quantities when a model has been created using the DSL (as an alternative to @unpack). Alternatively, [creating an observable](@ref dsl_advanced_options_observables), and then interface using its `Symbol` representation, is also possible.

> !!! warn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
```

>     With interfacing with a simulating structure using symbolic variables stored in a `ReactionSystem` model, ensure that the model is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When accessing a simulation structure using symbolic variables from a `ReactionSystem` model, such as `rn.A` for `rn` a `ReactionSystem` and `A` a species within it, ensure that the model is complete.
```
